Splitting up the "Set configuration parameters" page (#1170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/values/outputs.mdx

- Pass information from a Terraform operation to an automation tool.

## Define outputs

Add `output` blocks to export information about your module's infrastructure. For example, you can add two `output` blocks to expose the ID and the IP address of your configuration's web server:

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="1,6" hideClipboard>

```hcl
output "instance_id" {
  description = "ID of the EC2 instance"
  value       = aws_instance.web.id
}

output "instance_ip" {
  description = "Private IP address of the EC2 instance"
  value       = aws_instance.web.private_ip
}

resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  # …
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

You can set the `value` argument of an `output` block to any valid expression. To learn more, refer to the [`output` block reference](/terraform/language/block/output).

## Access output values

Depending where you define an output value, you can access the information a module exposes in different ways. Terraform displays root module output values in the CLI after you apply your configuration. If you are using HCP Terraform, your workspace's overview page also lists your configuration's outputs.

### Child module outputs

> Defining an `output` block in a child module exposes that value to the parent module. You can use outputs to pass a value from a child module to a parent module. Parent modules can access child module outputs using `module.<CHILD_MODULE_NAME>.<OUTPUT_NAME>` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining an `output` block in a child module exposes that value to the parent module so that you can pass values from a child module to a parent module. Parent modules can access child module outputs using `module.<CHILD_MODULE_NAME>.<OUTPUT_NAME>` syntax.
```
These first two sentences are saying almost the same thing.

  threshold           = "80"

  dimensions = {
    InstanceId = module.web_server.instance_id
  }
  # ...
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

To learn more about passing information between modules, refer to [Call a child module](/language/modules/configuration#reference-module-output-values).

## Sensitive values in outputs

If you are outputting sensitive data such as a password or API key, use the `sensitive` argument to prevent Terraform from displaying the value in CLI output:

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="4" hideClipboard>

```hcl
output "database_password" {
  description = "Auto-generated password for the RDS database instance"
  value       = aws_db_instance.main.password
  sensitive   = true
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

Trying to access a sensitive output value directly in the CLI displays a redacted message instead of the actual value:

```shell-session
$ terraform output database_password
database_password = <sensitive>
```

<Warning>

Terraform stores the values of `sensitive` outputs in your state. If you use the [`terraform output` CLI command](/terraform/cli/commands/output) with the `-json` or `-raw` flags, Terraform displays sensitive outputs in plain text.

</Warning>

> Adding the `ephemeral` argument to an output omits that value from state and plan files, but it adds restrictions to the values you can assign that output. To learn more about handling and outputting sensitive data in your configuration, refer to [Manage sensitive data](/terraform/language/manage-sensitive-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `ephemeral` argument to an output omits that value from state and plan files, but it also adds restrictions to the values you can assign to that output. To learn more about handling and outputting sensitive data in your configuration, refer to [Manage sensitive data](/terraform/language/manage-sensitive-data).
```

---
page_title: Use outputs to expose module data
description: Learn how to output data from a module to expose information about your infrastructure on the CLI, in HCP Terraform, and to other Terraform configurations.
---

# Use outputs to expose module data

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Output data from Terraform](/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/outputs) tutorial.

Outputs let you expose information about your infrastructure on the command line, in HCP Terraform, and in other Terraform configurations. The `output` block serves the following purposes in Terraform:

- Child modules can expose resource attributes to parent modules.
- Root modules can display values in CLI output.
- Other Terraform configurations using [remote state](/terraform/language/state/remote) can access root module outputs with the `terraform_remote_state` data source.
- Pass information from a Terraform operation to an automation tool.

## Define outputs

> Add `output` blocks to export information about your module. For example, you can add two `output` blocks to expose the ID and the IP address of your configuration's web server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add [`output` blocks](/terraform/language/block/output) to export information about the infrastructure objects you are managing with Terraform. For example, you can add two `output` blocks to expose the ID and the IP address of your configuration's web server:
```
We should link to the reference docs for the output block. Is that a more precise description of the information the output block exports?

Author: You can set output values to any valid expression! I'll add this link a bit further down and will specify the value flexibility!

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="1,6" hideClipboard>

```hcl
output "instance_id" {
  description = "ID of the EC2 instance"
  value       = aws_instance.web.id
}

output "instance_ip" {
  description = "Private IP address of the EC2 instance"
  value       = aws_instance.web.private_ip
}

resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  # …
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

> Depending on whether an output value is defined in your root module or a child module, you can access the information exposed in different ways. Terraform displays root module output values in the CLI after you apply your configuration, and if you are using HCP Terraform, your workspace's overview page lists your configuration's outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Reference data exposed by the `output` block

Depending on whether an output value is defined in your root module or a child module, you can access the information exposed in different ways. Terraform displays root module output values in the CLI after you apply your configuration, and if you are using HCP Terraform, your workspace's overview page lists your configuration's outputs.
```
Maybe "Consume data exposed . . ." is a better way to characterize it? It seems like there's at least two parts: add the output block to expose the information and then do something with it, which is what the rest of this section seems to be about.

Author: This is more about explicitly stating the child module outputs are only available to their parent module. 

I split this up into two sections to make it clearer that we are talking about accessing output values, then adding a subsection about child modules:

```
## Access output values

Depending where you define an output value, you can access the information a module exposes in different ways. Terraform displays root module output values in the CLI after you apply your configuration. If you are using HCP Terraform, your workspace's overview page also lists your configuration's outputs.

### Child module outputs

Defining an `output` block in a child module exposes that value to the parent module. You can use outputs to pass a value from a child module to a parent module. Parent modules can access child module outputs using `module.<CHILD_MODULE_NAME>.<OUTPUT_NAME>` syntax.

etc.
```
